I have a contact in Luoyang.
in Luoyang.
I'm not going. You can't go either.
Take her with you.
It might be useful.
Whether I go or not,
is not up to you to decide.
Then don't go.
You're not going.
Why not?
All right.
I've decided.
Let's go together.
Here.
Be good at home.
Understand? Wait for me.
Luo Yang is different from ours.
There are many variables there.
We need to plan carefully when we get there.
What's wrong, Bao?
Nothing.
Wu Zhen asked me to meet Madam.
The kid is playing dirty this time.
They cultivated the origin of the mice.
As the army lost, they arrived in Shanzhou.
including Black Tiger Mountain,
the people around the county
are either defeated or refugees in Luoyang
in Luoyang,
Many people are infected with the plague.
Wu Zhen was worried that the 18 swordsmen
and caused more serious losses.
So he asked me to come back
Tell Madam to be careful.
Rat plague?
It looks like a cold.
It's very infectious.
Once infected,
you will lose your combat power
or your life will be at risk.
Do you have a solution?
There's no better way now.
But Wu Zhen went to Luoyang.
Luo Yang?
That's the occupied area of the Japanese.
He's going to find the origin and medicine.
Blow it up if it doesn't work.
and destroy their lair.
the plague will be controlled.
and go to the Japanese's occupation zone alone.
Isn't this nonsense?
Wang 12. Yes.
What’s your order?
Have you contacted the Japanese?
and know their way.
Bring more men.
Go to Luoyang now.
He's working for the Japanese.
and secretly assist Wu Zhen.
Yes.
Wait, Wang Shi Er.
Do you think you are enough?
Tell them.
the second head of the Xidao.
Huo Lang from QinFo Ye Ravine has 30,000 men
are willing to join them.
Listen carefully.
Brother, I got it.
Old Leopard.
I missed your 60th birthday.
I'll make an exception for Wu Zhen.
I'll accept the gift.
Okay, no need to see me off.
Let's go.
Brother, you really want him to help Wu Zhen?
I trust Huo Lang.
He's a man.
But his men can't explain it clearly.
If someone tells the Japanese,
I can't think too much now.
It depends on Huo Lang's fate.
Thank you.
When you arrive in Luoyang,
don't move.
I'll go find out.
Okay.
Be careful.
Are you busy?
When I left the city,
I saw someone
who killed Zhao Weiguo.
be mistaken?
No, you...
And I think
there are many things
related to this person.
Are you sure?
If we can meet him in Luoyang,
let's find a chance to get rid of him.
Okay.
I heard from Cui Wenkui
you came here
as a reporter and a commander.
Yes.
So I should be able to
in Luoyang.
How did you join the army?
Don't worry about that.
I'll tell you when necessary.
All right, I need to find a place to stay.
Go to Luoyang tomorrow morning.
Have some water.
I'm not thirsty.
Are you done?
Are you angry?
No, I'm not.
At first,
at the beginning.
But when I look at you,
you become ugly all of a sudden.
You must be angry.
You're the ugly one.
How about this?
Don't you know that?
You're smiling.
Look, you look good when you smile.
Yes.
Compared to her?
You are different.
What's the difference?
She's like my childhood friend.
Choi Moon-gei's sister, Choi Moon-bae.
We haven't
for a long time.
This jade pendant
was given to me by her.
She gave it to you?
That means you have this jade pendant.
for many years.
I'll keep
I'll keep it for you.
I'll return it to her when I meet her.
You know what?
In the past,
I only had one thought.
is to beat the devil.
But after I met you,
I feel
in my heart.
What is it?
Keep fighting the devil.
It means I didn't say anything.
I know what you're thinking.
Unfortunately, there are flames of war.
A stable life became a kind of hope.
Eagle.
We can only
out of China,
our thoughts can become reality.
So now we have more important things
waiting for us to do.
Do you understand?
Yes.
Give me the water.
Yes, sir!
Stop!
One more step,
they will all die.
Listen carefully.
Tell your superior
Huo Lang, the second head of the West Blade,
led the head of Tianchi Mountain Meng Shi Rule
Wang 12, head of Chun Li Ravine.
Chen Hu, head of Jangworm Ridge came to visit.
to discuss the cooperation.
Go.
He’s the Swordsman.
What?
Is there any blood?
You still don't believe me?
Okay.
Please wait a moment.
I'll go in and inform them.
Why does it feel weird?
What's weird?
There's no one in the village.
You're indeed an informant.
It's like everything is problematic.
It's not a big village.
It's normal that nothing happens.
Let's go to the front
if we can find something hot.
You bastard! Hurry!
Hurry!
What are they wearing?
It's scary.
gas mask.
There must be an outbreak here too.
Where are we going?
Could it be...
Let's follow this car
and see where they are going.
Third Brother, second brother.
Have you seen the man in the car?
Who is he?
It's him.
who provoked Wei Chase Lee and Sun Jiu Huan.
to join the Japanese.
If nothing goes wrong,
he was the one who instigated the gold tooth incident.
and chose him.
I can't go back empty-handed this time.
Find a chance to kill him.
Brother, don't worry.
This person is mine.
Lower your voice.
Play it by ear.
What is this place?
If I'm right,
this yard
is where the Japanese isolate infected people.
What about those people?
They must have been infected.
The reason they gather the infected here
because they don't want the epidemic to threaten themselves.
What should we do?
I don't know.
We don't have to stand here.
There are so many Japanese soldiers here.
Aren't they afraid of being infected?
They should have vaccines or drugs.
It's something
that won't infect bacteria.
It's such a good thing.
What are you waiting for?
Grab it.
Where are you going?
To get the vaccine.
Can you stop messing around?
If you keep messing around, go back to Qinglong Fortress.
We can’t be emotional now.
I thought I figured it out.
I didn't expect you to be so impulsive.
Since you all think I'm in your way,
I'll leave.
Here you go.
I don't have money. Take this.
You can change food when you get there.
No.
Steamed buns.
Take it.
Sir.
I don't understand.
Read it yourself.
Don't be too subtle.
The old gentleman
is cautious.
This should be answered like this.
In other words,
whether anyone can see you
or in some small things,
a gentleman
will have no bad thoughts
or do something bad.
I will still be cautious.
Then it's wrong for me to fart
when others don't know.
It doesn't matter.
If you don't do anything,
if you don't do anything.
But I still think
being a gentleman is tiring.
You have to take care of yourself.
When you're rich, you'll help the world.
If you're poor, you'll be alone.
This is what a gentleman wants.
As a gentleman of China,
never bully the weak.
or do evil for the tiger.
But I still think
being a gentleman is tiring.
Yes.
A gentleman only has a name behind his back.
but I’m at the disadvantage.
Madam.
Meixiang is here. Mother.
Baoni.
Stop pestering me
and talk nonsense.
I'm not.
When Sister Eagle left,
to spend more time with you.
You're such a blabbermouth.
It’s true.
Meixiang, where’s Master?
He went to find Liu.
They've been talking all morning.
What are they mumbling about?
Okay.
I'll go check on them.
Read the book.
Why are you bringing that up?
I...
Since Sister Eagle left,
I've lost my soul.
Mother, if I leave,
would you and dad be like this?
Where are you going?
You can't go anywhere.
At this time,
at this time?
Let them in.
Yes.
Wait for me here.
Major.
Colonel, I'm back.
According to the previous arrangement,
The new plan is going well.
The national army is in chaos now.
I don't know much.
It says it's Fuyang, right?
It's really Fuyang.
Brother, I heard that
it's because of the plaster flag of the kid.
It was said to be called Luoyang.
So it really changed its name to Fuyang.
I have to change it.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Colonel Teng Gang wants to see you.
to Luoyang.
Wait for me.
Koji, since you're here, just follow their rules.
Call me Fuyang.
Cut the crap.
When I was feeding,
I knew it was called Luoyang.
I don't know Fuyang.
Let's go.
Let's go to Luoyang.
Mr Tian.
What is it?
Mr. Tian, where are we going?
What? Are you scared?
No.
I'm afraid if we go too far,
my father will be worried.
I'll take you to Fengpo Ridge.
a beautiful place with beautiful scenery.
It's not far, right?
Don't worry.
I'll give you back to your father.
Eagle.
Have you forgotten
what I said just now?
Only by chasing away demons
what you think can become reality.
All the way,
I couldn't get in your way.
I can't help you now.
What's the point of me staying here?
No.
You helped me a lot.
And at the most dangerous time.
When?
At the airport.
Without you,
I couldn't find anything
from Zhou Zhongxiao.
And in Black Tiger Mountain,
If it weren't for you, I would've been killed by the Golden tooth.
Anything else?
Yes.
I can't go to Qinglong Hideout without you.
There are many more.
I'm in a hurry. I'm clumsy.
I can't say it.
Do you still want the jade pendant?
Don't worry.
Yours is still yours.
As long as you like it.
You're so stupid.
I don't like it.
Who's stupid? You're stupid.
Let's go.
Thank you.
Put down all your weapons.
What did he say?
Masters,
please remove all your weapons.
I'm just keeping them here for now.
I'll return it to you later.
They're scared too.
Take them off.
Search.
What are you doing?
It's gone.
What is that?
Ms. Huo, where are you?
Just a knife.
What a bunch of cowards.
Ms. Huo, please come in.
Let me introduce to you.
This is Mr. Teng Gang.
Colonel.
What is a colonel?
Your leader.
Let me introduce.
Tell him.
This is our colonel,
Huo Lang, the second head of the West Blade.
The head of Tianchi Mountain, Meng Shi Yi,
Chen Hu, the head of the Bug Ridge.
I'm Wang 12 from Chunli Ravine.
When the royal army needs people,
If you can cooperate with the army now,
it will be a win-win situation.
When the royal army needs people,
if we can
if we can cooperate with the army,
it will be a win-win situation.
Tell him.
We need to act like we're partners.
The royal army is short of manpower.
We are short of guns.
Ask him
how many guns he can give us.
How many people do you have?
Colonel wants to know
how many men Mr. Huo has.
How many people do we have?
About 30,000 people.
Forty or fifty thousand.
If you promise me one thing,
I can give you 10,000 guns.
As long as you can promise Colonel one thing,
Colonel can give you 10,000 guns.
Ten thousand.
What is it?
Tell me.
Bring Choi Moon-Kui's head
Bring Choi Moon-Kui's head.
I thought
only we Yuxi Knife wanted to sign an oath.
These Japanese
are also like bandits.
We need an oath.
In that case,
I have no objection.
So, Colonel's suggestion is not against it?
No, no?
Brother, promise me first.
I'm not against it.
That's right. The gun is too little.
20,000. We have a deal.
20,000 bars are negotiable.
We can consider this.
You can consider this.
Okay.
Let's celebrate.
Come on.
Colonel.
What’s wrong? What’s wrong?
Are you not used to foreign wine?
Colonel asked you if you are used to it.
One more thing.
I have to ask you.
On our way here,
on our way here.
What's wrong with Luoyang?
There's a plague.
Here's the thing.
There was indeed a plague in Fuyang.
The war is tense now.
The Imperial Army
in the Imperial Army.
The people of Luoyang
are almost killed by these demons.
If this goes on, all of them will die.
All dead?
It's getting late.
Why don't you go back to the inn and rest early?
As long as you can kill Cui Wenkui,
your arms
will be fulfilled.
Let him remember.
Don't regret it.
Let's go.
See you.
It's him.
Who is it?
Why is He Zheng here?
Where am I?
This is Fengpo Hospital.
Why did you bring me here?
To get vaccines.
Do you know how to do it?
Of course.
I'll play with you later.
Major.
Go.
This way, please.
The expenses are getting bigger.
Although we are thrifty,
but the money is not enough.
Yes.
In this situation,
in this situation.
It's not a good idea.
How about I take someone to Luoyang
and get some from the Japanese?
Isn't that suicide?
But the men in the mountain have to eat and drink.
I have more.
Madam, that’s all you have.
It’ll be gone after using it.
Don't worry.
I know what to do with the money.
Mr. Zhang.
Here’s to you.
Cheers.
Cui Wenkui.
Don't try to fool me.
I can drink.
but you have to give me back the person.
Mr. Zhang.
We’ll only talk about the routine today.
No business.
Stop pretending.
I didn’t teach him well.
Mr. Zhang, don’t be so angry.
Your army was disbanded by others.
and fled to my territory.
I'm taking care of them for you.
Do we need to confiscate their weapons
and lock them up?
Hand in their weapons.
because I didn't want to affect their security.
Besides, I didn't lock them up.
What about their people?
I divided two parts.
A part?
to the airport.
The other part
to the underground pit.
Don't worry.
Everything is fine.
Fix your airport.
Who are you to hand in my weapon?
Mr. Zhang.
To be honest,
my airport is almost fixed.
What should I do next?
I have to protect the airport.
You?
So I can’t do it.
I need to borrow your man.
Choi Moon-Kui.
What are you talking about?
If it gets to the commander,
The phone is over there.
Should I call the command center?
You...
Come on.
I'll drink with you.
I don't know
I wonder how they are doing.
I'm worried about Huo Lang and the others.
If Huo Lang
is not possessed
unbound,
Well, he...
I was lucky to beat him.
Of course.
Although I don't know how to use swordsmanship,
but I can read it.
You didn't want him to see blood,
But he was killed.
Think about it.
He won't let you.
That's a long way to go.
Anyway,
Huo Lang is a man.
Major, we did it!
Okay, you may leave.
You saw them, right?
Those who oppose the Japanese army
will end up like this.
They'll disappear soon.
Do you think
I think it's amazing.
Aren't you afraid of death?
You called me here
to threaten my father to work for you?
My father was afraid of death.
That's why he was used by you.
You're smart.
You're right.
But you're wrong.
What you did
will only make my father think
you are not trustworthy at all.
My father used to be afraid of death.
But after you do this,
I don't think my father will help you.
It's hard to die before it's too late.
At the critical moment,
he'll still be afraid of death.
Why should we fear death if we don't fear death?
Really?
Okay.
Let's wait and see.
Answer me honestly.
Or I'll shoot you.
Tell me, what is this place?
It's the origin of Fengpo disease.
Do you have medicine and vaccine here?
Yes, not much.
Where?
Base.
Done.
What are you doing?
Don't steal it from me.
I speak Japanese.
I'll follow the truck.
We should be able to find
where we can create the origin and accumulate drugs.
No, it's too dangerous.
You can't go.
Don't forget
the Japanese met you.
except me.
Stay here and watch.
Be careful.
Are we really just watching?
Just watch?
Believe me.
We're here.
at least three effects.
Look.
First,
if there's a new recipient,
we can stop them
and take them to the area to hide.
As long as we find the medicine,
we can come back to save them immediately.
Second,
if this is the only way out of Luoyang City,
once the devil makes a move,
we can find it immediately.
or inform your father and Cui Wenkui immediately.
to be prepared.
Also,
Didn't you notice?
Chae Jin knows how you feel.
She knew you couldn't leave me.
so she asked me to stay and take care of you.
But she didn't say anything.
How did you know?
This is the tacit understanding in battle.
We don't need to talk sometimes.
When can we
have such a tacit understanding?
It's you.
Why are you here?
The Japanese who came to my house.
brought me here.
Why did they bring you here?
He doesn't trust my father.
So he took me as a hostage.
You took me to get vaccines today.
Then come quietly.
What did you do to lock me up?
This is different.
Only I am here
my father will fight the Japanese.
Good boy.
What about you? Why are you here?
The Japanese sent
to Shaanxi.
I came here hoping to find the medicine.
There were many patients just now.
Wu Zhen and the others are over there.
They're here too.
Great!
We should've killed them all!
They're not human.
They will.
How is it?
Have you found my son?
Master, they entered Luoyang City.
We lost them.
A bunch of losers.
A bunch of losers!
Master!
Get lost!
Son.
Where are you now?
I know.
you despise your father.
Look at your father.
I even look down on myself.
Masao Tahara.
Your ancestors
of your ancestors.
Zhou Maotao.
and actors.
Su Tianhui Yang Wanlin Zhao Dongliang Chen Yile Wang Lusheng
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Sheng, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang.
to perform.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin, KUN.
Shou Chen Yao, jungle competition.
Wu Jinxing, Feng Yonghao, Wei, Long, Deng Baoquan
Qian, Rui, Zhang Ke'er, Yang Junjie, Cui Yuseok.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Zhang Jiqun.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
The clothing team.
Wang Jin-sung.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Wu Weiguo.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks team.
Yao Jitao.
Armed team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Son Young-seung.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Chang.
Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jianping.
Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng, Liu Fu Min
Cut.
Wei Meng Meng.
Wu Xiaobo.
behind the scenes, Shin Bae-jin.
[Late production]
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
The post-production director, Zhu Jiaxin.
Shi wants to invite
a dubber.
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Tang Tiantian.
Data Management Chen Chenyue
Wang Chenyang.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
People of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Scenic Area.
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
The original store town of Shanzhou.
Jiangzhou City, Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
The People's Government of Sanmen City
There are three Municipal Commission in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong Municipal County Commission.
Henan Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
The People's Government of Laji County
Limited responsibility.
Sanmen City Swan Lake City Wetland Park.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
Jiangjiang Dongyang Mai Jiang Culture Co., Ltd.
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Henan Film and TV Production Group is limited.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
[Qianzhou Cultural Development Co., Ltd.]
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
First reward Zhang Bing.
Reward Zhang Bing first.